Update view-component welcome.rst (#69)
rl-institut/open_plan: docs/view_components/welcome.rst

2. If the user ticks the check-box *Do not show again*, the welcome view-component should not appear to the user during any subsequent launch of the tool
3. The user could later re-enable the appearance of the pop-up window through *Display* or *Preferences* menu in *Settings*

> Link with other views .. isn't this missing here?

Reviewer: It is missing indeed. However I think it it would be empty. In that case should we leave it empty, or omit it?

Author: For me its nicer to have it, but have it empty. Otherwise, i would probably think that something is missing. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: I agree with @srhbrnds that we should have it, but leave it empty, following the template.

Reviewer: If the formatting is not perturbed by not having anything written after the field it is ok :)

> Link with other views .. isn't this missing here?

Reviewer 3: How about 

```suggestion
Link with other views 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This window is displayed on top of the first step of the pregression bar every time the tool is launched.
```

Reviewer: this was a meta-comment for us @TheOneAndra

Reviewer 3: yes but this is a proposition to avoid leaving the category completely empty

Author: @Bachibouzouk okay for you? If yes, I would merge.

Reviewer: I would remain more general: "On the very first use of the tool, this view-component should be the first thing the user sees". Here the other description implies that the progression bar index is at the first step when we launch the tool. Moreover you mentionned that it wlll *always* be on top of progression bar's first step, which is not necessarily true: if user ticked do not show again, the welcome view-component will not show again next time we start the tool.

Reviewer: > yes but this is a proposition to avoid leaving the category completely empty

Sorry I had somehow not noticed the multiline suggestion, I need to get use to those :)

Reviewer 3: I am not sure I get your comment @Bachibouzouk, but I can propose that:

This window is displayed on top of the first step of the progression bar every time the tool is launched. If the `Do not show again` check-box has been ticked, this window will not be displayed anymore.

Reviewer: I don't think it was decided that when we start the tool we are in the first step of the progression bar, the progression bar is there when we start to create an energy cell. My comment was in that direction, that the way you describe it fits your own mental picture of the tool. Which is not exactly the same as the one of Berit and Frank for example. (they don't have progression bar at first)

:ref:`menu_bar-label`

>      User can re-enable appearance of the welcome view-component through options within the *Display* or *Preferences* menu.

Reviewer 3: repetition with requirement 3, we can put it just here as it is not really a requirement
```suggestion
     The user can later re-enable the appearance of the pop-up window by clicking *Display welcome view* in *Preferences* from the menu.
```

Reviewer: I would keep the term view-component though, it is more general as "pop-up" (a pop up is a window which pops over another window, but our view component could as well be a full view or a widget (like a window within the main window, it cannot go out of the main window frame, while a pop-up could go out of the main window frame)

Reviewer 3: Sure thing
